README.md, before:

# Overview

A Home Assistant integration to communicate with Hikvision smart doorbells via Hik-Connect cloud.

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/tomasbedrich" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 30px !important;width: 106px !important;" ></a>

Based on [hikconnect](https://github.com/tomasbedrich/hikconnect) Python library.


## Usage

1. Go to Home Assistant.
   Install this integration (see below).
2. Set up the integration in Configuration > Integrations > Add Integration.
3. Enjoy.


## Installation

### HACS custom repository

This installation method is **preferred** since it allows automatic updates in the future.

1. Add this repository URL (`https://github.com/tomasbedrich/home-assistant-hikconnect`) as a custom repostiory in HACS.
   It appears in the list among other repositories.
2. Install using HACS.
3. Restart Home Assistant.

### Manual
1. [Download an integration](https://github.com/tomasbedrich/home-assistant-hikconnect/archive/master.zip).
2. Copy the folder `custom_components/hikconnect` from the zip to your config directory.
3. Restart Home Assistant.


## Known issues / limitations

...

Commit message:

Update guide to use HACS default repo

README.md, after:

# Overview

A Home Assistant integration to communicate with Hikvision smart doorbells via Hik-Connect cloud.

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/tomasbedrich" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 30px !important;width: 106px !important;" ></a>

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-orange.svg)](https://github.com/custom-components/hacs)

Based on [hikconnect](https://github.com/tomasbedrich/hikconnect) Python library.


## Usage

1. Go to Home Assistant.
   Install this integration (see below).
2. Set up the integration in Configuration > Integrations > Add Integration.
3. Enjoy.


## Installation

### HACS
This install method is **preferred** since it allows automatic updates in the future.

Install by searching for _Hik-Connect_ integration in [HACS](https://hacs.xyz/).

### Manual
1. [Download an integration](https://github.com/tomasbedrich/home-assistant-hikconnect/archive/master.zip).
2. Copy the folder `custom_components/hikconnect` from the zip to your config directory.
3. Restart Home Assistant.


## Known issues / limitations

...
